So now that we have a queue,
let's write some code step by step to try to mimic what we did conceptually.
First, to keep track of our visiting,
let's create a list and we'll also use a queue.
So we're using this queue that I just created and we're going to start with the root.
We're going to start with the apple and we're going to enqueue it, add it to the queue.
So now we see that the queue has apple.
Then we're going to dequeue the next node in the queue,
which is apple, then we're going to visit it.
So we visited apple and then we're going to
check if it has a left child then add it to the queue,
if it has a right child add it to the queue.
As we can see here,
we've visited apple and now banana,
the left child, is on the queue followed by cherry.
So now we're going to dequeue from this queue and next in line is banana.
So we're going to visit banana.
So dequeue banana visit it and
then check if it has a left child if so add it to the queue,
check if it has a right child,
if so add it to the queue.
So as you can see, we did enqueued dates because it's
the left child of banana and we've now have visited apple followed by banana.
So now we're going to dequeue the next node,
next in line is cherry.
So here we get cherry, we visit cherry.
If it has left or right children add it.
In this case it doesn't and so we can see here we still have dates in the queue.
So we're going to dequeue dates,
we're going to visit dates,
check if it has left or right children in this case it doesn't,
and then we can see here we now visited apple,
banana, then cherry then dates and also the queue is empty.
So now your task is to write this in code.
As you can tell, we repeated a lot of this,
so you can imagine you'll be using a for loop. All right, good luck.